This repository is one of the more applicable/real world examples of data, coding, technique/dependencies and having information at your disposal the rest of the cryptocurrency doesn't. The main tool we use to discover this information is finding clusters by using algorithims, which are the backbone of technology, the internet, and when broken down, a series of binary rules or procedures designed to solve a problem or effieciently get work done much faster than a human could. Just as investment bankers attempt to gain an edge on other traders and predict market behavior, were doing this with the new, still relatively ungoverned, secure world of cryptocurrency. This would be useful to many people or companies moving capital into BTC, Etherium or Tether (The three biggest cryptocurrencies with the largest market cap. 
In order to run this specific algorithm Python is used and the necessary libraries include - Scikit-learn, Pandas, Numbpy and Matplotlib for visualizations. 
The process, assuming youve already cloned the repository and have your virtual enviornment-

Code the cells in proper order, follow the comments for assistance. Analysis Overview Data Preparation Data Loading: Importing crypto data into Pandas. Clean the data: Missing integers, outliers, and other abnormal data should be dealt with. Feature Engineering: Selecting and possibly engineering features relevant for clustering. Now to define optimal clusters: The Elbow Method will be used to identify the best k values from 1-11 for clustering. Applying K-Means clustering to separate the cryptocurrencies into groups that will tell the user a lot about the currency and market trneds which is the entire point of this skillset. Analyze each cluster to understand cryptocurrencies within them. Interpret the results in the context of market movement and bull or bear strategies. Results provide key findings and any visualizations add to the value. 
